all right so we are on our way with the
Quest Crew our man hakuto and other
Asians are somewhere that's that's them
that was awkward but they're everywhere
and she's laughing now I feel like an
idiot anyway we're headed to Orlando and
then I'm gonna head straight to Boston
within the next two days so I wanted to
bring you guys along for the ride the
yeah is awesome
traveling with the Quest Crew again it's
been a while since I've done a trip with
them I really quite know the show so
I'll have to see how this goes but uh
yeah
this is a this this R on a plane this
guy
that's not
oh all right we're here Orlando or some
boys Oh Steve those crazy you just stop
being crazy
so we're about to rehearse for our Lando
show you got the squad up in the
building
what's up how's the hair doe how's the
hair doe how's the hair doe how look
nice
Oh how's the hair doe how's the heck did
that how's the hair doe okay here no
house here how's the hair no there no
how's the hair dojo
Oh how's the hair doe had their day to
performance time
all right so we just got done performing
and we were about to go out for round
two
okay before we do this just wanna let
you know we have no idea what's
happening right now they just told to go
out in freestyle and dance with the
crowd
I apologize cuz I don't know exactly
what we're doing that Andrews so bare
with us
we are the quest crew representing Los
Angeles California but right now I'd
have to say the party is here tonight
real quick real quick roll my fellows
that I know there's a lot of fellas oh
now we're all my ladies
we decided that instead of just dancing
on stage we want to come out and bring
some y'all beautiful people with us with
us we'll bring you up
all right so that is the end of the
first half of this trip from Orlando I
am now heading to Boston
my body's hurt like really bad as you
can see for the performance as you can
see from the performances it was really
really tough for me to get through all
that stuff but we did it and yeah now I
gotta kind of do it again tonight but in
Boston so here we go I'll see you in the
next cut look what it is baby Boston
hey Brian
alright that sums of our trip I had a
crazy week these beautiful people um the
elegant Eleanor and my man sexy ass
Aaron the the moms the Cougars are still
on my man today but if you're ever in
the Las Vegas area and you're over the
age of 38 we're back the trip is done
two cities two days Orlando Boston
Massachusetts a great weekend met a lot
of great people and it was just a blast
is my first time touring again with
Quest Crew it's been like four four and
a half years I think the last time I
traveled with him and perform with him
and that was a whole nother experience
thanks for hanging out with me today
thanks for being with me baiii who is
that so that sums up an awesome weekend
you mean like this
not really